README.md, before:

# Background Removal Tool

This is a Next.js project that implements a background removal tool for images using the @imgly/background-removal library. It allows users to upload images and automatically remove their backgrounds.

> Note: This project was entirely made using Cursor AI.

## Features

- Upload multiple images
- Adjust output quality
- Remove backgrounds with a single click using @imgly/background-removal
- Responsive design

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 14.0 or later
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/background-removal-tool.git
   cd background-removal-tool
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```

   This will also install the @imgly/background-removal package.

### Running the Development Server

To start the development server:
bash
npm run dev
or
yarn dev


Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

### Deployment

This project is configured to automatically deploy to GitHub Pages using GitHub Actions. When you push changes to the `main` branch, it will trigger a workflow that builds and deploys the project.

The live version can be accessed at: https://nirajrajgor.github.io/remove-background/

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Update readme and add gh-pages package

README.md, after:

# Background Removal Tool

This is a Next.js project that implements a background removal tool for images using the @imgly/background-removal library. It allows users to upload images and automatically remove their backgrounds.

> Note: This project was entirely made using Cursor AI.

## Features

- Upload multiple images
- Adjust output quality
- Remove backgrounds with a single click using @imgly/background-removal
- Responsive design

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 14.0 or later
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/background-removal-tool.git
   cd background-removal-tool
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install
   ```

   This will also install the @imgly/background-removal package.

### Running the Development Server

To start the development server:
bash
npm run dev
or
yarn dev


Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

### Deployment

This project is configured to deploy to GitHub Pages using gh-pages package.
Run the command `npm run deploy` to deploy the project to GitHub Pages.

The live version can be accessed at: https://nirajrajgor.github.io/remove-background/

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
